AWS Ceritfciate :
-I hold AWS Associate Solution Architect certification with expertise in cloud migrations, In near future planning for - AWS solution architecture, and Kubernetes administration certification

Celebrating Our Performance Win: In my new role at XXX Company, I bring over 18 years of expertise in banking products. I recently had the opportunity to collaborate with my team on a product deployment, and I successfully contributed to its efficient execution for below SNOW changes…


Drive Public cloud:
I'm an AWS-certified Associate Solution Architect with experience leading cloud migrations to AWS. I'm skilled in Terraform for infrastructure as code and excited to contribute to AWS cloud projects.

—------------------------------------------

I'm a certified AWS Associate Solution Architect with experience leading cloud migrations from on-premises to AWS in my previous role. I'm eager to work on AWS cloud implementation and have expertise in setting up cloud infrastructure using Terraform as Infrastructure as Code (IaC).


—-------------


"Deliver delightful and frictionless customer experiences"

I emphasise my commitment to understanding and addressing customer needs promptly and effectively.
"I helped on prod issue COMMS-13873 (Naik, Hirenkumar) by identifying the root cause and collaborating with the development team, demonstrating my commitment to prompt and effective customer problem-solving. Solutio was well appreciated by Hirenkumar"


—---------------------------

Deliver Excellence 👍
 Delivery Excellence: I effectively monitored the post-production phase for issues or alerts.


Drive Customer Innovation: During the APE upgrade from Cassandra 3.x to 4.x and the transition to Java 11, I raised code coverage to over 82% and improved the overall quality of APE.

Legacy Decommission Focus: I'm currently involved in migrating the legacy APE application to a new data centre with upgrades.

Hybrid Work Schedule: I maintained my expected hybrid work schedule and tracking all my time away using ‘Time and Absence tool’

